Li Wushuang
You still won't break the engagement with me, will you?
How to be puzzled
Then you have to bear the consequences
What's the consequence?
Brother, do you really have no IQ at all?
You are a street seller who sells fried noodles.
And a beautiful woman
Also got the Kowloon Group
President of Huyou's listed company group
hold a wedding
If I said that if Aoxue ruined her marriage at the wedding scene
Or he suddenly announces that the groom is someone else
What do you think the consequences will be?
You will be the joke of the world
How about like
Are you going to break up the engagement with me?
Or humiliated at a wedding?
I want to be humiliated at my wedding
The wedding continues
You made your choice.
I chose it myself
I hope you show me the consequences
Don't let me down.
Yes, I won't let you down.
I will host an earth-shattering event for you
A spectacular wedding
Let everyone in Silver City know you
I am looking forward to the second young master
There we go.
Oh.
Bah, the worst breed of toad
Tang Aoxue Li Dongjie
You're going to surprise me.
Sword of Kowloon I will enter the room
Immediately give me orders to Bafanglai Sword
I wanted to live an ordinary life
But you have already pressed me
Then I'll show you who I am
Kowloon TV Xuanfeng Longmen Resistor Tangerine Peel
Tianshen Landlord Xiao Sance
World Talent King Tang Chang'an
For the first time, the Menfa family group has a new visit to Lord Jian Sun